What the hell is this?
Not a clue.
[snarling]
Whatever this orange powder
did to the other daywalkers
sure as shit did the opposite
to this dude.
[drinking blood]
[helicopter whirring]
The Dark One.
Part of her is inside of me.
Purge it into the amulet.
It was made to contain
the darkness.
Axel.
What?
You ain't healing.
What the hell is happening
to us?
[static sputters]
[grunts]
Come on!
Doc!
Grab a mask.
Help me stabilize him.
[charges defibrillator]
[thump]
[dramatic theme music]
♪
[buzzing]
[gasping]
One more time.
Why did you attempt to
assassinate the President?
And one more time,
that isn't the President.
Right.
Because the president
is a vampire now.
Not exactly.
She's really the ultimate
vampire.
The Dark One.
And this Dark One can make
herself look like the President?
She can look like anyone.
Why not the most powerful person
in the world?
Then where's the
real President Archer?
Dead.
Probably.
That's funny.
Because we searched
this whole base
and we didn't find
any dead presidents.
[whistles]
Hello?
Madam President?
Are you in there?
Not a one.
Don't you think that's funny?
You got a      up
sense of humour.
You know what's
really      up?
You and your friend didn't leave
with vampires.
Betraying your own kind?
Committing treason?
And now you're gonna
tell me why.
The whole world,
whatever's left of it,
is in serious danger.
And your little power trip
is wasting time.
Violet: I didn't assassinate
the President.
Easy now.
Violet: I didn't assassinate
the President.
Violet.
[knocking]
Are you ok?
What is it?
Turns out the Van Helsing family
tree has a couple more branches.
Twin sisters.
Must run in the family.
I need your help, Doc.
My help? How?
I squared off against
the Dark One.
Got hurt real bad.
It's not looking good.
Fort Collins isn't equipped.
We need to get you there.
No, we can't leave here.
Well, how long
until he's stable?
Julius isn't the issue.
Those things are
still out there.
There's more of those
hulked up monsters?
Yeah, two of them,
maybe more.
I wasn't exactly keeping count
when I was dragging
your asses in here.
But they're out there somewhere.
Why'd you stay?
I had patients.
Had?
What happened?
Hansen sent me here
to try to fix that new vampire
control agent.
That orange shit
that was all over you?
Yeah, that shit was
everywhere outside.
Why did it affect us?
I told them we needed
more trials,
more certainty, but they went
ahead and rushed it.
We found out the hard way
it has side effects on humans.
Bad ones.
That explains why we're not
healing the way we used to.
Well, it was designed to kill
vampires en masse,
even daywalkers, but...
I'm guessing we met
the "but" outside.
[laughs]
The compound wasn't stable.
I told them, but they wouldn't
listen, and it happened.
We got attacked
and they panicked,
and they released it all
into the air.
All of it.
It killed off 95 percent of
the vampires but the other five,
they turned into those things
out there.
And they didn't stay outside.
One got in and...
That explains the mess.
Yeah, I just got tired of
dragging bodies to the furnace.
I'm used to the smell now.
How'd you survive it?
I don't know.
In the chaos everyone just...
just ran.
Doctors, soldiers,
it was a free for all.
And I wanted to run, too, but
that orange shit was in the air.
They couldn't breathe.
They just started dying.
I couldn't just
leave them there.
I couldn't just...
You did everything you could,
Doc.
Did- did I?
How long until we can
get him mobile?
We gotta get to
Fort Collins ASAP.
Axel, no.
It's a suicide mission.
Do you think we can
just walk out there
with those things outside?
And even if they don't get us
the orange shit will.
You need to work on
your pep talks.
Get him ready.
Axel!
It's impossible.
Jolene's alive.
She's safe. I can take you
to her.
ens, closes]
We need a decision on this,
Madam President.
People need you.
Make a statement.
Something bold that lets them
know you can't be shaken
and are resolute
in your commitment.
I've gotta be honest, though.
There have been whispers
from our counterparts
across the aisle that
you've lost your edge.
I assure you, they have no idea
just how much edge I have.
Look, as a friend,
since you've returned
from Fort Collins
you've been um... distracted.
If the assassination attempt
is weighing on you-
[chuckles]
They tried and failed.
What else is there?
They're both being held
at Fort Collins.
Given her special abilities,
we'll bring them both to D.C.
for secure testing.
No.
Kill them.
Kill them?
Cut off their heads
and bring them to me.
What the president means is
the suspects you have
are extremely dangerous
and the sentence for treason
is death, is it not?
But one can cure vampires.
You're ordering the execution
of two Americans
without due process.
They are both vampires
masquerading as humans.
But the television broadcast?
Fake news.
Trickery to garner false hope.
You must destroy them
before they spread
and vampires become
indistinguishable
from the rest of us.
I'll relay the order.
Good.
Leave now.
[door opens, closes]
Why must I be forced
to play this charade?
Not 'til the part of you
that was stolen is returned,
we have to bide our time.
Once we've purged
the last Van Helsing
and you regain
your full strength
I promise you we will hide
no longer.
Fine.
We let them do their work
for now.
Little ants slaving away
for their queen.
One way in, one way out.
Guess the fire Marshall
doesn't pay visits
to secret government facilities.
Say cheese,     .
Play nice, now.
What the hell are you up to?
[screaming]
Help me! Help me!
Help me!
Alright, shut the      up!
Shut up!
Hey, shhh!
You want those soldiers
coming back in here?
Help her, please!
-What the hell is going on?
-Please help me!
I just woke up and she was
hanging there!
Holy     , Violet.
Untie her!
Help her!
I'm trying!
What're you doing?
[choking]
Let's get this done.
Eyes on.
[choking]
One more step and I break
his neck.
Stay down. Stay down.
[coughing]
Go ahead.
As far as I'm concerned all
Blak-Tek employees are traitors
so you'd be doing me a favour.
[choking]
[thud]
Did you really think
that was going to work?
I can prove to you we're telling
the truth.
[groans]
If you'd just let me show you.
We're past all that now.
The two of you are being
executed later today.
Decapitation.
Presidential order.
It's a bit medieval if you
ask me but orders are orders.
Vampires or just sympathizers?
Well, won't matter
once you're dead.
After you.
-Alright, let's go.
-Ten four.
[beep]
Time to give that bitch
a wake up call.
[laughs]
What're you doing to me?
Easy now, you're safe.
Doc?
You got hurt real bad but
I'm gonna help you get better.
Why can't I move?
It's... it's for your safety.
And ours.
Huh?
What does that mean?
I'm experimenting
with a new serum.
It's all a little jazz hands-y
right now
but I think I figured out
the mixture.
It's the dosage
that's a little tricky.
Oh.
You stuck me again,
didn't you, Doc?
You know how much
I hate needles.
Well, it was either that
or dying, bud.
Axel?
He's fine.
He's itching to get out of here
but we're not gonna go anywhere
until you're better.
Leave me.
What?
No, you gotta leave me now.
Violet and Jack,
they need your help.
Now.
Ok, you need to calm down.
No, you don't get it.
They are the answer.
They just-
Ok, you need to calm down.
We'll get to them, I promise.
[exhales]
Axel told me you never
gave up on me.
Looks like it's mutual.
[alarm sounds]
What's that?
Be right back.
Ok.
I'll be right here.
Hey! Hey!
That's a perimeter breach.
The door's sealed,
there's no sign of entry.
Then what? False alarm?
Yeah, maybe.
Do you know how to shut
this thing off?
No, and I'm a little gun shy
about pulling plugs
seeing as all the doors have
electric locks.
Yeah, fair enough.
[alarm continues]
What's going on with that one?
Could it be there?
It's just an air duct, can't be
more than a few feet wide.
Yeah, those things can't fit
in there.
[alarm stops]
False alarm?
Yeah, maybe.
Ok.
Two echo Charlie.
Detention level.
Threat level alpha.
Seal all exits.
Get me a list of every person
who's exited every goddamn door
in this place.
Um... Sergeant?
You said Fort Collins is still
under presidential lockdown,
right?
Got the place surrounded
with motion sensors
so how would they get past your
perimeter without you knowing?
I don't know.
You tell me.
They escaped on your watch.
I mean- it doesn't make sense.
It's a dead end.
What'd you find?
Apparently I just accessed
utilities room B.
And where exactly is this?
Stay down!
We just wanna show
you something.
After that we're all yours.
You have our word.
Your word doesn't count
for shit.
Maybe we should execute you
traitors right here, right now.
What if you're wrong?
Ask yourself "why would
they erase the security tapes?".
Maybe you two did that.
The only way to know for sure
is to hit the space bar
on that computer.
My father kept a back up server
of all the security footage.
They didn't know it's down there
so it never got erased.
[sniffs]
Power has a very unique taste.
But death, it's all the same.
Desperate and wanting.
[cries out]
[gargling]
Blue bullets are just a failed
prototype but these?
These'll take out daywalkers.
I don't know if it'll take down
those monsters outside,
I suppose we'd have to shoot one
to find out.
But hopefully it slows them up
enough for us to escape.
Doc?
Huh?
One down, 300 more to go.
[dripping]
Hey.
I think I have a solution
to our problem.
That's great, Doc.
What?
I don't know.
Something.
Hold this for a sec?
Yeah.
I thought you said they couldn't
get up into the vent.
No, you said that.
I...
Fine, but you agreed.
Maybe we're both right.
Nothing, right?
[hissing]
!
What?
It's in the duct.
One of them tore the other apart
so it would fit.
Shit.
[hissing]
Uh, I'll get Julius to the OR,
there's a vault back there.
Go for it.
Woah, woah, woah!
Woah, woah, woah, woah.
No, no, no, no, no.
You're not thinking of throwing
that in there, were you?
Well, I kinda was.
No. Gas lines run throughout
this entire place.
You'll kill us all.
Um...
Why does it always gotta
be the hard way?
Hold on.
I got a bullet that
needs testing.
It's perfect. It's perfect!
I got different ideas
about perfect, Doc.
[snarling]
[gunfire]
[crash]
[hissing]
[gun shot]
[beep]
Woah, jeez!
Axel!
[roaring]
Oh shit!!!
Those bullets aren't gonna
do anything!
Come on!
I just thought it'd slow
him down!
Come on!
[gunfire]
[steam hissing]
[grunting]
[beep]
[snarling]
How many bullets do you
have left?
Just about enough to piss him
off some more.
He knows that's the only way
in and out of here.
He'll try and coax us
into a trap, I'm sure of it.
How do you know that?
Because that's Dr. Marcello.
Oh, a friend of yours.
He designed that orange shit.
His ego's the reason
we're in this mess.
Well, then you don't mind
if I kill him.
If I don't do it first.
When I zap him,
take his head.
Gladly.
Shit.
Hey!
Sure you don't wanna talk
about it?
[snarling]
Ah, I don't speak monster.
[thud]
[groans]
Die, you     !
Come on!
[grunting]
Let go of me!
[screams]
Come on!
Come on! Let's go!
[growling]
[beep]
Ok. In, in. In, in.
Come on, we'll be safe in here.
A silverback gorilla
couldn't break in here.
[glass shatters]
You were supposed to take
its head.
Yeah, easier said than done.
So, what's the plan?
Sit in here and wait to see
who starves to death first?
[beep]
Yeah, well, you were gonna
blow us up with your grenade,
so you're welcome.
[machine monitors beep]
[beep]
[door opens]
[snarling]
Help!
[panicked yelling]
[snarling]
[groans]
Nope. Nope. Nope.
Ok. Ok.
You and I have been to hell
and back together.
Today is not the day
we're gonna die.
Not here, not like this.
I dig your optimism, Doc,
but I don't see we got a lot
of choices here.
Well, we've got the bullet.
The bullet?
The untested bullet that's on
the other side of the monster?
Might as well be on the other
side of the planet.
What the hell is it doing?
Maybe it likes balloon animals.
Oh, that smart son of a bitch.
What? Why?
What?
That was our oxygen line
and that's CO2.
How long 'til it fills the room?
We'll be unconscious
before I can do that math.
Well...
I hate to say it, Doc,
but I don't see us both
getting out of here.
We had a good run.
When I rush that thing
you run for it.
When you get that bullet you
put it right between its eyes.
Axel, no! Axel, no!
No!
The world need you!
Jolene needs you.
The world needs you more
than it needs me!
Woah, woah, woah,
what're you doing?
Have you lost your mind?
You said the whole place
would blow!
You'll be safe in here.
[groans]
Doc, don't. You can't.
End of discussion!
This is how it's gonna be!
Just tell Jolene...
just tell her.
Doc!
[splatter]
Good morning.
[laughs]
You two ok?
Looks like your bullet works.
How did you know?
Guess I wasn't as out of it
as you thought.
[helicopter whirring]
It's a good thing
you're convincing,
otherwise I'd be in a chopper
on my way to D.C.
with your heads in a cooler
right now.
Oh, thank god.
[amulet whispering]
What?
What is it?
[whispering continues]
It's... it's like the blood
has changed somehow.
Violet, no!
The Dark One got inside
my head.
I wasn't prepared.
Last time I saw smoke
like that
was when the Dark One
emerged from Sam.
What if this smoke is somehow
a piece of her?
So it's true.
You're addressing the nation?
On live television.
For what reason?
And why wasn't I briefed?
You of all people should know
that the matters
of the president are on
a need-to-know basis.
Madam President,
you're not acting like
the leader I swore to follow.
Checks and balances.
That's what this democracy
was founded on.
A term designed to quell
the masses.
Moments like this.
They define a presidency.
Make sure you're on the right
side of history
or the people will rise up.
[message alert]
[sighs]
Excuse me, I have to take
a call from Fort Collins.
The executions must be over.
[door opens, closes]
Perfect.
How did a piece of the dark
one get inside the amulet?
It's not possible.
Ladies, I'm afraid you're
gonna have to speed up.
Washington didn't buy
my execution story.
They'll have boots on the
ground in less than four hours.
That doesn't give us
much lead time.
Well, we're gonna have to figure
it out on the run.
The less I know the better.
I'll have my men get you geared
up and out as soon as possible.
Thank you for believing in us.
Huh.
I'm country first.
If some demon has our nation
under her thumb
I'm willing to do whatever it
takes to cut that thumb off.
Let's move it.
Alright, you see this?
Look.
This is all you need.
You got it?
I got it.
I'm serious.
I don't know how stable
this new serum is.
It'll help you
heal incrementally,
you might even feel
enhanced adrenaline,
enhanced strength, but even
this small amount is danger-
Hey, Julius.
Any more than this and
your heart could explode.
More than a drop,
ticker goes pop.
I get it.
Truck's ready to roll.
Fort Collins has got me on hold,
can you believe that shit?
Let's load up.
Violet: Attention unit.
Are you there?
This is sunshine unit.
That you, Violet?
Axel?
How's Jack?
We gotta talk.
We're heading back soon.
Jack never came back.
It was the Dark One.
She killed the President,
took her form and escaped
with the Oracle.
We're headed-
Stop talking! This is
not a secure line.
Do not tell me where
you're going.
Don't tell anyone.
I'll find you. You hear me?
I know you will, Axel.
One other thing,
there's some orange powder
floating around out here.
It's deadly to both humans
and vampires.
You gotta avoid it at all costs
Use masks whenever you can,
you got me?
Got it.
See you soon.
That was Vi.
Change of plans.
We gotta move.
I'll explain on the way.
Is she ok?
Seems so.
Doc, you coming?
No.
This is the end of the road
for me.
I um...
I made as many bullets
as I could
so please use them sparingly.
You sure about this?
You told me where
to find Jolene so...
It's been a good ride.
Nacho cheese.
[laughs]
Are you gonna be ok?
Yeah, I will.
When I find her.
Ok, ok.
You guys, go.
Go. Go.
[beep]
[door opens, closes]
Ever since the rising we have
been fighting
against an unspeakable evil.
We thought we had turned a
corner and taken the fight back
to them when a recent broadcast
showed a woman
turning a vampire human again,
giving us new hope.
Sadly, I have learned that
this broadcast was a hoax,
perpetrated by a new breed
of vampire.
Vampires that tried
to assassinate me.
Yes, we have a new threat
to America,
one that we must be
extra vigilant in fighting.
These vampires can appear human
at will and we have credible
intelligence that they walk
among us as I speak to you now.
They can be anyone.
A neighbour, a co-worker,
even a friend.
Now, I know this sounds
frightening, because it is.
It is my sworn duty to protect
this nation
under the powers
of the constitution
and that is what
I intend to do,
so I hear by declare martial law
effective immediately.
There will be a curfew.
Search warrants will no longer
be required,
and my personal security team
will run the White House.
Now, I know this
sounds unpleasant.
Even unAmerican.
But it is a small sacrifice
to ensure that we survive,
not only as Americans,
but as a species.
Fear not.
I know how to track this threat
and pluck them like weeds.
Trust in me and we will survive.
Fight against me... well, that
would be siding with the enemy.
Ask yourself what side
are you on, America?
Did one last sweep of 'em.
That's the last one.
Everybody's on board.
-Jolene.
-What?
It's time to go.
We can't wait here,
you said it yourself.
It's not safe.
Yeah, I guess I did.
[cries softly]
You found me.
I never lost you.
Through thick and thin.
Good and bad.
All I ever wanted was you.
Your speech was magnificent.
I could feel all their eyes
upon me.
The fear and adulation radiating
out of them was intoxicating.
What is it, master?
I had hoped this feed would
give me vigour but,
alas, not until I am whole again
will I have my full strength.
We'll find what has been lost.
We will.
I will have it delivered.
Along with the
Van Helsing's head,
as I have promised.
Your loyalty to me, Bathory,
is the only thing that I trust.
It is your methods
I find ineffective.
Hmm.
Tell me, my dear,
what did you see?
A vision?
I... I saw your victory,
my love.
You standing atop the corpses
of your enemies.
Together?
Of course.
[cards shuffling]
[whispering]
[evil laughter]
I can feel my power returning.
But only just a taste.
Part of me still
remains captive.
From my blood comes death.
Darkness brings my death.
From the realm of darkness,
rise, my child.
Rise!
By what hand?
The fool.
Bringer of chaos.
Go, my pet.
Fetch what I desire.
Jack.
Violet.
Vanessa.
Jack.
Violet.
Vanessa.
Jack...
Stop!
[cackling]